# store-assistant-ai
Web app based on React and using OpenAI API to provide a product recommender based on AI. It also shows affiliate links to the recommended products.

https://store-assistant-ai.web.app/

1. Create a React web app
https://javascript.plainenglish.io/4-react-tips-to-instantly-improve-your-code-7456e028cfa3

npx create-react-app my-app
  Creates a React web app
  
npm start
    Starts the development server.

2. Deploy the React web app in Firebase

How to Deploy React Application to Firebase:
https://www.knowledgehut.com/blog/web-development/deploying-react-app-to-firebase

Ve a firebase.google.com e inicia sesión con tu cuenta de Google.
Luego haz click en comenzar y añade un nuevo proyecto, ingresa el nombre de tu proyecto (en mi caso lo llamé landingPage).
Haz click en continuar, selecciona la opción “Ahora no”, y presiona el botón Crear proyecto.

firebase init hosting
In the Project setup, choose the option Use an existing project. 
And then select the Firebase project name that we have created. Our project name is my-app, so we’ll choose that. 
Finally, you’ll need to select the location where firebase will look for assets to deploy in the Hosting setup section. Production assets are saved in the build folder by default. Therefore, type build according to this option. Enter y for Configure as a single-page app option. Last but not least, you must decide whether or not to overwrite your existing build/index.html file. Therefore, select N (No) for this option because you need the actual index.html file generated by Reacts when you build your project. 

cd my-app
firebase login --interactive

npm run build

